Update databricks-configs.md to include MV/ST (#4045)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-configs/databricks-configs.md

```

</File>

> ## Advanced Materializations

Reviewer: I say perhaps just call it what it is for the time being

```suggestion
## Materialized views and streaming stables
```

> Starting with version 1.6.0, the dbt-databricks adapter supports [materialized views](https://docs.databricks.com/en/sql/user/materialized-views.html) and [streaming tables](https://docs.databricks.com/en/sql/load-data-streaming-table.html), as alternatives to incremental tables that are powered by (Delta Live Tables)[https://docs.databricks.com/en/delta-live-tables/index.html].

Reviewer: swap the `[` and `(`

```suggestion
Starting with version 1.6.0, the dbt-databricks adapter supports [materialized views](https://docs.databricks.com/en/sql/user/materialized-views.html) and [streaming tables](https://docs.databricks.com/en/sql/load-data-streaming-table.html), as alternatives to incremental tables that are powered by [Delta Live Tables](https://docs.databricks.com/en/delta-live-tables/index.html).
```

> Read their entries in the [Delta Live Tables documentation site](https://docs.databricks.com/en/delta-live-tables/index.html#what-are-delta-live-tables-datasets) to understand their use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [What are Delta Live Tables?](https://docs.databricks.com/en/delta-live-tables/index.html#what-are-delta-live-tables-datasets) for more information and use cases.
```

These features are still in preview, and the support in the dbt-databricks adapter should, for now, be considered _experimental_.
In order to adopt these materialization strategies, you will need a workspace that is enabled for Unity Catalog and serverless SQL Warehouses.

<File name='materialized_view.sql'>

```sql
{{ config(
   materialized = 'materialized_view'
 ) }}
```

</File>

or

<File name='streaming_table.sql'>

```sql
{{ config(
   materialized = 'streaming_table'
 ) }}
```

</File>

When dbt detects a pre-existing relation of one of these types, it issues a `REFRESH` [command](https://docs.databricks.com/en/sql/language-manual/sql-ref-syntax-ddl-refresh-full.html).

### Limitations

As mentioned above, support for these materializations in the Databricks adapter is still limited.
At this time the following configuration options are not available:

* Specifying a refresh schedule for these materializations
* Specifying `on_configuration_change` settings.
  

> These configuration settings will be supported in the near future.

Reviewer: what about the scenario where i change the SQL statement in the model file and want to drop the old version and make a new one? will this happen? this isn't supported (yet) in our adapters, but we will support it soon

Author: I suspect this will not work, similar to the call out on the Redshift documentation, but will test on Monday and update when I know.
